{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs20\lang9 Crafter Skill Guide\par
\par
"Crafter"\par
\par
Starting Skills\par
- Blacksmithy = 25\par
- Carpentry = 25\par
- Cooking = 25\par
- Fletching = 25\par
- Mining = 25\par
- Tailoring = 25\par
- Tinkering = 25\par
\par
-Blacksmithy-\par
Whether sweating over a fiery forge to create a masterpiece or hammering dents and polishing scratches from a favored piece of plate mail, the blacksmith of Britannia is a skilled craftsman who often finds his or her services in high demand.\par
\par
The skill of Blacksmithy involves: smelting metal items and ores; crafting arms and armaments; enhancing certain metal items; and repairing applicable items.\par
\par
There is a special collection of Bulk Order Deeds available for Smiths to fill out. Returning these provides special mining tools and other items as rewards. For the Smith in training, these can help speed the time it takes to acquire more ingots - For advanced players, Runic Hammers may be earned.\par
\par
Smelting\par
The process for smelting ores and recycling metal items into their constituent ingots differs.\par
\par
Ores\par
- Stand near a forge.\par
- Double-click the ore pile you wish to smelt into ingots.\par
- Target the forge.\par
\par
Metal Items\par
The manual, or old school, method of smelting, or recycling, metal items into their constituent ingots involves:\par
\par
- Double-click a smith\rquote s hammer, tongs, or sledgehammer that is located in your backpack.\par
- A menu will appear.\par
- Select the Smelt Item button in the lower left-hand corner.\par
- Target the item you wish to melt into ingots. (If smelting self-crafted items, will yield half of ingots used to create the item.)\par
\par
Crafting\par
To create an item using the Blacksmithy skill:\par
\par
- Stand near a forge and anvil (either, alone is insufficient).\par
- Double-click a smith\rquote s hammer, tongs, or sledgehammer that is located in your backpack.\par
- A menu will appear displaying the different categories of items you can craft.\par
- Select a category and click on the button next to the item you wish to craft.\par
\par
If successful, the crafted item will appear in your backpack. If successful and lucky, the crafted item will be exceptional. A Blacksmith can opt to include his or her maker\rquote s mark on such exceptional items. The crafting menu contains a toggle in the lower right-hand corner to turn the maker\rquote s mark option on or off.\par
\par
A blacksmith may increase his or her chances by using an Ancient Hammer.\par
\par
\par
-Carpentry-\par
Masters of the saw, the plane and the level, carpenters spend long hours crafting some of the finest furniture and goods that decorate the lands within Almhara.\par
\par
As your skill improves your crafting options expands and you'll be able to create items out of special forms of Lumber. With the proper research, a Grand Master may learn the secrets of Masonry.\par
\par
Tools\par
Carpenter's tools come in all shapes and sizes. However, it is less the tool than the skill of the craftsman, and no one tool provides benefits over the others. They can be bought from a Carpenter or Tinker NPC Vendor or crafted using the Tinkering skill.\par
\par
These tools are: Dovetail Saw, Draw Knife, Froe, Hammer, Inshave, Jointing Plane, Moulding Planes, Nails, Saw, Scorp, Smoothing Plane\par
\par
Lumber is a basic necessity for any item created using the Carpentry skill. It is gathered by using the Lumberjacking skill.\par
\par
Wood comes in two varieties: Logs and Boards. Each type of wood requires a certain level of Carpentry or Lumberjacking skill to render from logs into much lighter boards.\par
\par
How to Use\par
- Double clicking on any of the Carpenter's tools will display the Carpentry Menu.\par
- To Change the type of wood to use:\par
1. Click the "*Wood" button.\par
2. Select the type of wood you wish to use.\par
- Note: You must have the type of wood you wish to use in your bag.\par
\par
To Create an Item:\par
1. Follow the steps above to select the type of wood you wish to make the item out of.\par
2. Select the Category of the item you wish to create.\par
3. Press the Arrow next to the item you wish to create.\par
- Note: Clicking the scroll to the right of the item will bring up the requirements for that item.\par
\par
To Repair an Item:\par
\par
1. Click the "Repair Item" button.\par
2. When the target cursor appears, select the item you wish to repair.\par
\par
\par
-Cooking-\par
The art of Cooking is used to create different types of foods and has become more useful since this server operates with a functioning hunger and thirst system much akin to the older titles of this mmo.\par
\par
While most food officially grants no benefits other then a small Stamina boost when eaten and perhaps holding back starvation and eventually death, Egg Bombs and Enchanted Apples can be of great value in PvP situations. Savage Kin Paint can also be used to prevent morph spells being used on those who apply it especially helpful against enemy combatants that utilize such abilities.\par
\par
Chefs will often find that they need an Oven nearby to create their masterpieces, though in some cases a simple Heating Stand will suffice. The serious cook will also install a Flour Mill and Water Trough in his or her home, and perhaps even hire an NPC Barkeep Vendor.\par
\par
Tools\par
There are a few items available with which to practice your culinary skill. Despite their names and appearances, each is equally suitable for the preparation of any dish.\par
\par
- Rolling Pin\par
- Skillet\par
- Flour Sifter\par
\par
\par
-Fletching-\par
Fletchers create bows and arrows for use by Archers, using Wood, Feathers as well as various working materials. Because they also deal with Boards, the Lumberjacking and Carpentry skills complement Fletching well. \par
\par
\par
\par
-Mining-\par
Seams of ore lie buried in the mines, mountains and caves within the Almharian realm. The skilled miner seeks out these veins to harvest ore, which can then be smelted to ingots for use in crafting items with the Blacksmithy or Tinkering skills.\par
\par
In order to mine you must use a Pickaxe or Shovel on a cave floor or mountainside tile. Ore may then be smelted by using it on a Forge or Fire Beetle. Be warned - If you fail to smelt you will lose 50% of the contents of your ore pile!\par
\par
The mining skill is also useful when practising the creation of smeltable items (which can be recycled back into usable Ingots, with the amount of ingots returned based on the Mining skill). It furthermore gives a bonus to Treasure Hunters looking for Treasure Chests underground. You cannot mine while mounted.\par
\par
As your skill improves, you become capable of mining and smelting more obscure forms of ore:\par
\par
- 0+ Iron Ore\par
- 65+ Dull Copper Ore\par
- 70+ Shadow Iron Ore\par
- 75+ Copper Ore\par
- 80+ Bronze Ore\par
- 85+ Golden Ore\par
- 90+ Agapite Ore\par
- 95+ Verite Ore\par
- 99+ Valorite Ore\par
\par
A GM Miner, after the proper research, may also extract High Quality Granite and Sand for use by the more experienced crafters. When you have read the High Quality Granite book, you can click on your pickaxe and set it to mine both stone and ore. When you have read the High Quality Sand book, instead of mining only in rock, you can also mine the beaches and deserts within Almhara (or any random sand tiles available to you).\par
\par
Although your Mining skill cannot advance past 100 points through training, Mining Gloves may be worn to take your skill to an absolute maximum of 105. Mining is the only skill that can be advanced in this way without the use of a Power Scroll.\par
\par
Human characters will have a chance to get extra ore with each dig, while Elves have an increased chance of harvesting special ore types from colored veins (as opposed to finding colored veins).\par
\par
Whenever an ore vein refreshes after being harvested from, there is a slight chance it will change resource type. For example, a mountainside that yielded Valorite today might give plain iron tomorrow, and vice versa. Your level of skill does not determine your chance of finding a colored vein, it only determines whether you can extract the colored ore.\par
\par
A Gargoyle's Pickaxe and/or Prospector's Tool can be used to potentially advance an ore vein's level by up to two types (e.g., Agapite to Valorite).\par
\par
Special Resources\par
At high Mining skill levels you have the chance to randomly retrieve one of the following resources: \par
- Blue Diamond\par
- Dark Sapphire\par
- Ecru Citrine\par
- Fire Ruby\par
- Perfect Emerald\par
- Turquoise\par
\par
Tips and Tricks\par
- There is no way to increase your mining above grandmaster 100 skill unless you are using Mining Gloves which add a +5 to your total skill. Mining Power Scrolls do not exist.\par
- Tinkering is a very good combination with your mining skill. You can use it to create more pickaxes and shovels with the ingots you collect. This way you can stay out with your pack mule for longer periods of time.\par
- When smelting richer types of ore material that you can't always work with successfully (eg, Agapite, Verite, or Valorite), it's best to divide all of the material in piles of two. That way if you fail to smelt the ore (hence wasting half the pile), you only lose one ore rather than, say, fifteen ore from a nice pile of thirty in that type.\par
- To mine High Quality Granite or Sand, you must travel to the Elmhaven city and buy "tutorial books" from Timothy the stonecrafter that reside there. The books can only be read by GM Miners.\par
- Although the type of ore a vein gives will change over time, the percentage of coloured ore it'll give on average (of any colour) does not change. That is to say, if you clean out a Dull Copper node and get 70% coloured ore from it, you'll likely get the same percentage if it ever flips around to Valorite.\par
\par
\par
-Tailoring-\par
Ever have one of those mornings where you just couldn\rquote t bear to put on the same tunic yet again? With skill in Tailoring, you can make clothing of all styles, colors and patterns, and show off your taste in fashion!\par
\par
While many items created by Tailors are of Cloth, as your skill improves you may be able to create armor out of exotic forms of Leather or even Bones.\par
\par
There is a special collection of Bulk Order Deeds available for Tailors to fill out. Returning these provides specially colored cloth and other items as rewards. For the Tailor in training, this extra cloth can be used to fill yet more BODs, extending the amount of time before you need to go and collect more resources to work with. For advanced players, Runic Sewing Kits may be earned. Experienced Tailors can create Arcane Clothing which stores charges of magic power, allowing the wearer to cast spells without reagents.\par
\par
\par
-Tinkering-\par
Tinkering is the skill that could be considered central to all creativity in Ultima Online - The ability to fashion tools for use with the other trades makes it a good starting point for any up-and-coming crafter. For example, it allows a miner to create more Shovels as he works. These tools often do not require high levels of skill to create, so not all crafters need to be Grand Master tinkerers to get an advantage - Though Exceptionally crafted tools do last longer...\par
\par
With enough skill, your characters may even assemble obedient Golems and other steamwork creatures to do their bidding in battle. While not often used in real combat situations, their extreme poison resistance makes them prized by fighters wishing to train their combat skills.\par
\par
Usually Tinkers work with ingots, though on occasion they create items out of wood as well.\par
\par
\f1\fs22\par
}
 