{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs20\lang9 Rogue Skill Guide\par
\par
"Rogue"\par
\par
Starting Skills\par
- Fencing = 25\par
- Hiding = 50\par
- Poisoning = 25\par
- Snooping = 25\par
- Stealing = 25\par
- Stealth = 10\par
\par
-Fencing-\par
Fencing weapons are used to stab'n'jab opponents, allowing the user to quickly attack while at the same time maintaining a defense. It is the best melee class available for use with Poisoning.\par
\par
\par
-Hiding-\par
Danger may lurk behind every tree, deep in darkened dungeons, or simply in the intentions of the rogue walking behind you. With sufficient skill in Hiding, you can disappear into the shadows whenever necessary.\par
\par
The chance of hiding successfully is directly equal to that of the Hiding skill. Characters may not hide close to creatures that are actively hostile towards them, although at higher levels of Hiding the distance between the character and the monster may be lessened. At GM Hiding, a character may hide in plain sight of a hostile monster or other player only 8 tiles away. Having creatures neutral nearby to a character has no effect on the chances of concealment, just hostile ones.\par
\par
Like the Detecting Hidden skill, Hiding is always successful within a player's own house. Although this has not always been the case, skill gain will be just as quick as anywhere else.\par
\par
A proficient Snooper can peer into the packs of other players while remaining hidden, and the art of Ninjitsu also relies somewhat on the ability to remain unseen. The Stealth skill furthermore allows characters to move while out of sight. The Smoke Bomb let a ninja hide while still in combat.\par
\par
Unlike the Invisibility spell, the effect of hiding does not wear off and leaves a character safe until they perform another action. Equipping items, looting one's own corpse or moving objects around in their backpack will not reveal a character, nor will the use of the guild/party chat.\par
\par
Be warned that when successfully hiding while under the attentions of powerful magic-using monsters, they will stop in their tracks and cast Reveal on the character's last seen location. While they are occupied in this process it is wise to consider moving away from that location.\par
\par
\par
-Poisoning-\par
Subtler than an impaling sword, poisoning food and drink has long been a method of choice for the discerning assassin. For those with a flair for the dramatic, Poison can be applied to the blade of a weapon to swiftly bring an enemy to defeat in battle.\par
\par
Along with the ability to poison weapons and food, higher levels of this skill improve the effectiveness of the Poison and Poison Field spells. Poisoning skill also grants a natural poison resistance which is 20% of the player's poisoning skill.\par
\par
Poisoning takes the place of Tactics in determining the probability to perform poison Special Moves - These are Infectious Strike and Serpent Arrow. However, you must have a weapon skill of at least 70 to activate primary move weapons and at least 90 to activate secondary move weapons. The item property of Mage Weapon does not act as a substitute for a weapon skill when it comes to special moves.\par
\par
Previously, a weapon that had been poisoned could be used by anyone and would have a chance to poison a target with each hit.\par
\par
Weapons\par
Standard weapons with the Infectious Strike/Serpent Arrow moves can be used to inflict Poison.\par
\par
Prior to the introduction of these Special Moves, poison could be applied to most any weapon and inflicted by simply hitting your targets with it. Weapons coated this way would lose Durability as the poison corroded them, but could be cleaned with an Oil Cloth.\par
\par
Now days, only Infectious Strike weapons, Shuriken and Fukiya Darts can still be poisoned in the original manner, and corrosion is no longer in effect. The Serpent Arrow move requires no actual poison (either on the weapon or in your pack) but requires high levels of Dexterity to be effective.\par
\par
Throwing a Shuriken/Fukiya Dart will apply the poison regardless of your skill level. To use other weapons that have been poisoned, you must specifically activate the Infectious Strike move.\par
\par
Having a high enough level of Poisoning skill can allow you to inflict a level of poison higher then that on the weapon.\par
\par
\par
-Snooping-\par
By and large, Snooping is considered a prerequsite for the Stealing skill. A character only can steal random items from other characters, NPCs, or pack animals unless they possess the Snooping skill. Like the Hiding skill, Snooping can be practiced to its own end, i.e. just to be able to see what others are toting around Almhara. However unlike Hiding, it is typically looked upon as aggressive act.\par
\par
You cannot be Guard Wacked for Snooping nor will you be flagged as a criminal. Snooping will lower your karma. You might consider the use of the Stealth skill as most players will not let you get close to them if they suspect ill intentions.\par
\par
Use\par
Snooping only allows you to see into other packs:\par
- the backpack of another character\par
- Pack Horses;\par
- Pack Llamas; and\par
- NPC backpacks.\par
\par
While standing no more then a single tile away double click the pack. If successful, you will be able to see the contents in the same way as you see your own backpack.\par
\par
Whether you succeed or not, there is a chance you will be noticed, wherein nearby players will receive a message concerning your action, and if hidden, a chance of being revealed. Your chances of success increase with higher levels of the Snooping skill, while your chances of being detected decreases.\par
\par
Snooping is an essential skill for the aspiring thief in that once you can see into a pack you may target a specific item to Steal. Without the use of Snooping you can only blindly target the characters themselves and hope that the random item you grab will be of some value.\par
\par
\par
-Stealing-\par
Pickpockets, brigands and thieves often prefer to live life in the shadows of Britannia, stealthily earning a living off the pockets and chests of others. A skilled thief can steal from Monsters, chests, NPCs and other players.\par
\par
Attempting to steal an item will reveal you if you are Hidden or Invisible. It is typically considered wise to Stealth over to your target beforehand, then (if your mark is another character), use the Snooping skill to better pinpoint the item you're after. You must have both hands free to steal and will need to wait ten seconds before you can use another skill.\par
\par
To steal from other players, one must join the Thieves Guild.\par
\par
You may not take items that weigh more then your skill level divided by 10, nor items that are Blessed or Insured. Attempting to steal directly from another player (as opposed to Snooping them first and selecting a specific item) will result in a random item being chosen, which may weigh too much or be Blessed/Insured (resulting in automatic failure).\par
\par
Attempting to steal from another player, whether the item is taken or not, may make you a Criminal. The chances of this decreases as your skill rises, but the more characters (including NPCs) are nearby, the more likely you'll be "caught in the act". Assuming you are not seen, you will retain your Blue status.\par
\par
Joining the Thieves Guild\par
In order to steal from other players, a character must join the Thieves Guild. To do this, one must find a Thief Guild Master, which are found hidden away in random areas around the world map. Once located, a character can join the guild by saying: "(NPC Name) join". If the character is at least 48 in-game hours old and has at least 60 Stealing skill, 500 gold pieces will be requested as payment to join. The payment must then be dragged onto them to complete the joining process. If the character has not met the skill and age requirements, they will be refused membership in the Thieves Guild until they meet the requirements. Being a member of the Thieves Guild also allows a player to buy and use a disguise kit.\par
\par
Note: While attacking an "Innocent" (blue) member of the Thieves Guild is considered a criminal act, players in the Thieves Guild cannot give Murder Counts and are freely lootable if killed.\par
\par
\par
-Stealth-\par
Stealth is a skill in Ultima Online that by default is categorized under "Thievery" for obvious reasons.\par
\par
Stealth allows a character to move silently while maintaining invisibility, but it becomes much easier to detect such a character compared to Hiding.\par
\par
This skill also counts towards your ability to perform Special Moves.\par
\par
A character must have at least 30.0 in Hiding to be able to use Stealth. Otherwise, the message "You are not hidden well enough. Become better at hiding." will display.\par
\par
It has been suggested by some players that you will not fail stealth checks with 60.0 Stealth and while wearing medable armor, though this might not cover the effect of passive (as well as active) detect hidden skill of the players around the stealther.\par
\par
Use\par
To perform Stealth:\par
- The character must have at least 30.0 Hiding.\par
- Dismount any pet; Stealth cannot be used while riding.\par
- Enter Hiding state, either through Hiding, Invisibility, a potion, etc.\par
- Activate the Stealth skill. If successful, a message will appear stating "You begin to move silently." and the character will remain grey while moving. No footstep sound will play.\par
- Take a walking step (not running.) At 25.0 Stealth or higher, the effect will activate automatically when a character attempts to walk while hidden.\par
- Every 5 levels of Stealth increases the distance a character may walk before a skill check (e.g. 80 Stealth = 16 safe steps per successful skill check.)\par
\par
Note that performing any action that would cancel hidden state will also cancel stealth state, other than moving of course.\par
\par
Running while in stealth state will halve the number of safe steps and will -always- fail the stealth check afterward.\par
\par
Stealthing is more difficult when wearing heavier armor, which is also a factor in training. To stealth successfully once it has been trained, don't wear anything heavier than Leather Armor or Mage Armor.\par
}
 