{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs20\lang9 Veterinary Skill Guide\par
\par
"Veterinary"\par
\par
Starting Skills\par
- Animal Lore = 20\par
- Animal Taming = 10\par
- Healing = 10\par
- Herding = 50\par
- Musicianship = 100\par
- Peacemaking = 10\par
- Veterinary = 10\par
\par
-Animal Lore-\par
Animal Lore affects your ability to control a tamed creature, and also improves the amount of damage you can heal via the Veterinary skill.\par
\par
Using the skill directly on a tamed creature shows you a listing of its stats, resists, skills and elemental damage distribution. At 100 skill points you may target untamed animals as well, and at 110 you may view information about untamed monsters.\par
\par
Animal Lore also counts towards your total stable slot limit.\par
\par
Training\par
\par
Active\par
Activate the skill via macro or skill button and target a creature. You can gain from repeating upon the same creature.\par
\par
Passive\par
Animal Lore can also be raised by using the Animal Taming and Veterinary skills. Using veterinary on a tamed pet and getting a passive gain is the preferred method of training. Once you get one passive gain, lock Veterinary and keep vetting your pet for endless gains.\par
\par
\par
-Animal Taming-\par
To tame a beast to accept you as master requires patience, nerve and a power of will. The rewards of studying Animal Taming are considered by some to be well worth the time invested. Tamers have long-been considered extremely useful and versatile in fighting monsters and, to a lesser extent, players as well.\par
\par
Your taming skill (along with Animal Lore) determines the odds of taming a given creature then controlling it. It's furthermore required in order to bond with certain creatures, and also plays a hand in determining your stable slot limit.\par
\par
In order to tame a creature you must be standing within three tiles of it with no obstructions, then target it with the skill. Once taming has begun you may stray anywhere up to ten tiles away from the target though if it loses sight of you or is injured in any way the attempt will cease.\par
\par
After a few seconds you'll be notified of either your success or failure.\par
\par
While most animals are non-hostile and can be tamed at any time, most taming attempts against a monster will instantly fail. In this case there's no wait time before you can try again so it's best to set a macro and use this over and over as fast as you can until you successfully start the taming process.\par
\par
Veterinary is a near essential skill for serious tamers in that it is the only method available for resurrecting dead pets.\par
\par
\par
-Healing-\par
Healing lets you restore hit points on yourself or other players by using Bandages. When combined with the Anatomy skill, you will heal more and gain the abilities to cure Poison and Resurrect other players.\par
\par
Applying bandages takes time, and your chances of success fall as you take further damage. A higher Healing skill can allow you to ignore outside interference.\par
\par
Although similar to the Veterinary skill, healing will not allow you to aid Animals or Monsters.\par
\par
Details\par
- At 60.0 skill in Anatomy and Healing you will be able to cure poison.\par
- At 80.0 skill in Anatomy and Healing you will be able to resurrect dead players.\par
- As of Publish 71, with 80 skill or greater in Healing and Anatomy, at half the Heal Duration for self heals, healing will attempt to remove poison and bleed effects. This will reduce the amount healed when the heal is finished its normal duration.\par
- Bleed is treated as Level 3 Poison.\par
- Time to heal is based on your Dexterity. Slip damage also scales based on Dexterity.\par
\par
\par
-Herding-\par
Herding allows players to direct the movement of any tamable creature. They can either be moved to a specific location or made to follow your character indefinitely. Unlike conventional pets there is no known limit to the amount of herded creatures you may have following you at one time, though they won't travel with you through moongates.\par
\par
Herded monsters may still decide to attack nearby characters, however it is possible to herd while remaining hidden. A stealthing character can potentially escort a very large group of dangerous monsters (though their movements will likely give away his location to nearby players).\par
\par
Your chance of success when giving an order is equal to that of your current skill level. The taming difficulty of your target creature has no effect and there is no wait time between attempts.\par
\par
Area effect peacemaking will stop creatures from following you.\par
\par
Use\par
To use your Herding skill to herd animals:\par
- Place a Shepherd's Crook in your hand, or your pack.\par
- Double-click the crook.\par
- Target the animal you wish to herd.\par
- Target the location you wish the animal to move toward.\par
- If you target yourself the animal will follow you.\par
\par
If successful, the animal moves in the direction you intend. The Herding system messages are as follows:\par
- Which animal do you wish to heard?\par
- You don't seem able to pursuade that to move.\par
- Click to where you wish the animal to go.\par
- The animal walks to where instructed to.\par
- The animal begins to follow you.\par
\par
\par
-Musicianship-\par
Strum a lute, bang on a drum or rattle a tambourine. Without a bit of skill in Musicianship, you\rquote ll likely send your audience screaming away from, or worse \f1 toward you.\par
\par
Musicianship is the core Bard-themed skill. It is required for any of the other Bard-related skills to even have a chance of success.\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 A modest level of Musicianship is also required for a Carpenter to be able to produce musical instruments, which feature a 10% success bonus over NPC-purchased musical instruments.\f0\par
\par
While it does little on it's own aside from producing either fine music or fat-fingered cacophony, it's level is a key factor when attempting to perform the other Bard skills, namely Provocation, Discordance or Peacemaking in conjunction with a target's Barding Difficulty.\par
\par
Luckily for this class you're already maxed out, so no need to worry about pointless grinding in order to actually be able to use the abilities associated with this class.\par
\par
\par
-Peacemaking-\par
The Peacemaking skill is one of the Bard-themed skills and is sometimes called Peacing for short. In a nutshell, the soothing music of a successful attempt causes those to whom it is directed to relax and stop fighting. To successfully be able to use this skill also requires some level of Musicianship skill as well. While a useful skill for a Bard in it's own right, it is also valuable to possess, or assist other players with, when it comes to Animal Taming or Treasure Hunting.\par
\par
Peacemaking skill has two different modes, Area Peacemaking and Targeted Peacemaking.\par
\par
Area Peacemaking\par
\par
Activate the skill via macro or skill button and target yourself. If successful, all aggression in the area will cease for a few moments. Players will have to re-attack their targets.\par
\par
Targeted Peacemaking\par
\par
Activate the skill via macro or skill button and target a creature. If successful, the targeted creature will either remain non-aggressive or stop attacking it's target until a sufficient attack upon it breaks the trance or the bard loses line of sight for more than 10 seconds.\par
\par
Each time Targeted Peacemaking is attempted, a difficulty check is performed based on the creature's Barding Difficulty versus the attempting character's combined skill in Musicianship and Peacemaking. To make it easier on the player Barding Difficulty has been expanded to reflect on the region of the targeted creature, meaning some areas will vary in terms of required skill level.\par
\par
\par
-Veterinary-\par
As ferocious as your tamed pet may be, at some point you may find yourself in a situation where a beloved pet is hurt, poisoned or both. With an investment in the Veterinary skill, you can heal most any ailment your pet may face.\par
\par
Although creatures can be sustained to some extent by magical spells, a well trained vet can heal larger amounts of damage at greater speed. Like Stable Masters, a player character vet is capable of resurrecting dead pets.\par
\par
Veterinary also counts towards your total stable slot limit.\par
\par
Pet Healing\par
In order to heal creatures you must use a pile of Bandages on them. Your Healing and Anatomy skills have no influence here, Veterinary and Animal Lore are used instead. As these two skills rise the amount of damage healed increases as does your chance to cure/resurrect if need be.\par
- 60 Veterinary and 60 Animal Lore to have a chance to cure a creature's Poison. You must be standing within two tiles of it.\par
- 80 Veterinary and 80 Animal Lore to have a chance to Resurrect a bonded pet. You must be standing directly beside it.\par
}
 