{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 Elmhaven Vendor Conversation\par
\par
\b Rholan the Alchemist\b0\par
\par
Well tis a good evening to you mate. Did you know that certain alchemists are able to craft certain potions of higher quality? Its amazing what the world of alchemy can offer in terms of useful items.\par
\par
\b Raglurr the Architect\b0\par
\par
Ahh greetings to you. I can tell you're interested in owning your very own house. Well with these tools and a healthy sum of gold you can not only make your dream come true but can even better spruce it up. You can choose from a fine selection of various houses or you can custom make your own from the ground up. You can only place a house down in completely empty space so nothing can be in the way.\par
\par
\b Umarelina the Baker\b0\par
\par
Hi there sweet thing. Welcome to the fabulous Cupcake Cavalry, home of the tastiest treats around. Today's most wonderful specials are warm appie pies, decorative cakes, and chocolate chip cookies. If you're also interested I can sell you tools and ingredients so you too can make your own delicious treats.\par
\par
\b Caius the Bard\b0\par
\par
Well hello there. With these finely crafted instruments you can make your potential career as a bard a reality.\par
\par
\b Korgamine the Blacksmith\b0\par
\par
Ah a good evening to you fellow traveler. I can offer tools that are needed in order to craft your very own weapons, armor and shields. There are also different kinds of ores that you can use in order to make your equipment stand out from the usual iron standard. When your mining is at a sufficient level you can pillage such wonderful ores and if your blacksmithing is high enough you can smelt them into usable ingots without too much difficulty.\par
\par
\b Welklin the Butcher\b0\par
\par
You there, yes you. If you have any freshly cut animal meat on you I will take it off of your hands in exchange for some decent coin.\par
\par
\b Brianna the Cobbler\b0\par
\par
Greetings soldier or fair adventurer. I can only offer my services in the form of various foot wear. You don't want to venture out into the wild without any decent boots now do you? Feel free to use the various dye tubs to change the color of your armor or clothes.\par
\par
\b Wynslo the Farmer\b0\par
\par
Well howdy there partner. Here at Sunny Produce you can ensure that the food comes straight from the farm, directly into your hands.\par
\par
\b Qualinn the Fletcher\b0\par
\par
Greetings wise traveler. I sell any assortment of bows and with the purchase of this fletchers tool you too can make your own. You should always carry lots of arrows and bolts so as to not run out when the time is necessary.\par
\par
\b Sierra the Flower Arranger\b0\par
\par
Greetings friend and welcome to this shop where I tend to all these lovely plants. If you're looking to grow your own plants then I suggest you pick up one of these bowls for you will need it. Also you will need some fertile soil so the easiest way of gathering some is to hunt down many of the giant ants that populate the dense Zaythalor region. Finally you will need both water and some moderately stron alchemy potions to insure that your sapling grows up healthy and strong.\par
\par
Damn it I forgot to mention that you will also be needing a seed. the best advice I can give you is to hunt down the Dark Roses that populate the Bog of Toads located far south of this establishment, right next to the Oboru Jungle. I wouldn't mess with the frogs considering they are extremely toxic in nature so be careful. \par
\par
\b Melanchalth the Gem Crafter\b0\par
\par
Chances are you've probably stumbled across some unusual trinkets such as beetle eggs and nirnroots throughout your travels and you're wondering to yourself what purpose do they serve. Well if anything they belong to an assortment of various ingredients used in the creation of powerful gems capable of granting bonuses to your equipment and you can craft your own should your tinkering skill be decent enough.\par
\par
\b Vairon the Glassblower\b0\par
\par
Ciao my fellow matey. If you're in the pursuit of becoming a glassblower then I have in my possession all the tools you will need. In order to pursue this craft you must be a master at alchemy.\par
\par
\b Azuralin the Hair Stylist\b0\par
\par
Greetings fellow patron. With these dyes you can color your hair however you want.\par
\par
\b Pastor Fargo the Healer\b0\par
\par
Welcome my child, through the divine blessing of our patron goddess I can offer resurrection at no cost provided you haven't committed any terrible crimes. In addition I can sell you some usefull healing items that can be of service to you.\par
\par
\b Audric the Heavy Armor Merchant\b0\par
\par
Hey there, have I learned some useful information concerning the different amounts of armor properties. For example Shadow Iron offers decent resists to energy attacks while Bronze protects against cold. Who knows what other magical properties different ores might contain.\par
\par
\b Jermaine the Innkeeper\b0\par
\par
Well howdy fellow adventurer. Normally I charge for rooms and service but I'll make an exception for you. I tend to make my money doing other tasks around yonder. I just like to help those in times of need. Just find yourself a room and rest up for the night.\par
\par
\b Talarah the Leather Worker\b0\par
\par
Ahh a new face, we don't often get many visitors here. Too busy checking out the other merchants around here. I'm afraid I only have this taxidermy kit that will allow you to mount certain heads of various animals onto your wall. However I will buy any leather you don't feel like using for a decent price.\par
\par
\b Cadahan the Librarian\b0\par
\par
This place doesn't get much visitors nowadays. Feel free to purchase anything I may have or you can check out the shelves for any free books.\par
\par
\b Lorenzo the Light Armor Merchant\b0\par
\par
Hello there mate. May I interest you in my finest selection of leather wears. I also have some interesting information that might be of some use to you. Apparently there are other kinds of leather such as spined and barbed that offer better degrees of protection against the elements that run rampant throughout our world.\par
\par
\b Morokail the Provisioner\b0\par
\par
Well then, you're in the right place for all your travelling needs. I sell all kinds of bags and other things you may need for your long adventure.\par
\par
\b Osprey the Reagent Seller\b0\par
\par
Well hello there. Throughout my travels and research I've discovered that there are other types of reagents that are the ingredients of certain forbidden magic such as with necromancy. Certain creatures of the black arts called liches have been known to conjure up the undead by relying on these deadly reagents. Take extreme caution when dealing with these undead mages for they are highly skilled in magic.\par
\par
\b Denomorr the Scribe\b0\par
\par
Well its good to see that you've arrived. If you're planning on going on any wild adventures then be sure to take along some of these scrolls. My selection is rather limited at the moment however everything I do have can still be of some use. Also if you have any scrolls of your own then I will buy them off of you.\par
\par
\b Timothy the Stonecrafter\b0\par
\par
Ah I'm very delighted to be of some service to you. Everything I sell from the tools to the useful books will help you into becoming a dedicated mason. In order to become one though you must be a master at carpentry. I hope you have the skills needed to pursue this task.\par
\par
\b Melinda the Thief\b0\par
\par
I can probably guess you've already encountered my good friend Lauren and noticed some of the boxes she was selling. Well if you've already figured it out those handy contraptions are a quick and easy way to practice your Lockpicking skill. Scattered throughout the world there are many other thieves like us that will offer them up but they will become more expensive as the latter climbs, sort to speak.\par
\par
\b Imus Grant the Tinker\b0\par
\par
Good evening partner. With the right tools you can easily become a tinker capable of crafting all sorts of useful trinkets.\par
\par
\b Henrietta the Waitress\b0\par
\par
Well good evening, if you're looking for a good time then may I help you in a glass of some good wine? Speaking of which Vivian said she was looking for a specific kind that's said to make you intoxicated within a few seconds. Its said to be a favorite of dragons and has a strong sour taste.\par
\par
\b Gregory Henderson the Wand Crafter\b0\par
\par
Well good evening to you. I see that you are interested in pursuing wand crafting. With these magic hammers I have for sell you too can create your own wands capable of casting any spell providing that your blacksmithy skill is capable enough.\par
\par
\b Abigail the Weaponsmith\b0\par
\par
Greetings new comer. Look around for I have contained within my arsenal just about every single weapon type you can imagine. Unfortunately I don't have much in terms of Elvish craftmanship, but chances are you might be able to procure some within the Fortress of Elandrim Nur Shaz just due west of here.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 