{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 UO Loot\par
\par
Loot (Day One)\par
\par
"Armor"\par
\par
Leather\par
- \b Ettin's Wooly Tunic:\b0  Cold Resist +20.\par
Can be looted from Ettins.\par
\par
Ringmail\par
- \b Gauntlets of Ogre Strength:\b0  Raises Strength by 5.\par
Can be looted from Ogres and Ogre Lords.\par
\par
\b Amazonian Fighter Armor:\b0  Each piece raises Fencing by 1.\par
- Belt: Physical Resist +5, Fire Resist +4, Cold Resist +2, Poison Resist +1, Energy Resist +1, Hits +1, Init Hits 11-40.\par
- Boots: Physical Resist +8, Fire Resist +5, Cold Resist +4, Poison Resist +1, Energy Resist +1, Init Hits 21-25.\par
- Bustier: Physical Resist +12, Fire Resist +10, Cold Resist +8, Poison Resist +4, Energy Resist +1, Hits +5, Init Hits 50-65.\par
- Gloves: Physical Resist +5, Fire Resist +5, Cold Resist +2, Poison Resist +2, Energy Resist +1, Hits +2, Init Hits 50-65.\par
- Amazonian Fighter Helmet: Physical Resist +10, Fire Resist +6, Cold Resist +4, Poison Resist +2, Energy Resist +1, Hits +1, Init Hits 45-60.\par
Can be looted from Amazonian Fighters.\par
\par
Used Armor Sets\par
- \b Torn Leather Arms:\b0  Physical Resist +1, Stam +1, Init Hits 10-15.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats, Ratmen.\par
- \b Torn Leather Cap:\b0  Physical Resist +1, Stam +1, Init Hits 10-15.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats, Ratmen.\par
- \b Torn Leather Chest:\b0  Physical Resist +1, Stam +1, Init Hits 10-15.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats, Ratmen.\par
- \b Torn Leather Gloves:\b0  Physical Resist +1, Stam +1, Init Hits 10-15.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats, Ratmen.\par
- \b Torn Leather Gorget:\b0  Physical Resist +1, Stam +1, Init Hits 10-15.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats, Ratmen.\par
- \b Torn Leather Legs:\b0  Physical Resist +1, Stam +1, Init Hits 10-15.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats, Ratmen.\par
\par
- Rusty Plate Arms:\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights.\par
- Rusty Plate Chest:\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights.\par
- Rusty Plate Gloves:\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights.\par
- Rusty Plate Gorget:\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights.\par
- Rusty Plate Helm:\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights.\par
- Rusty Plate Legs:\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights.\par
\par
- \b Evil Orc Helm:\b0  Str +10, Dex -10, Int -10.\par
Can be looted from Orc Lords.\par
- \b Orcish Kin Mask:\b0  Protects you from Orcs.\par
Can be looted from Orcs.\par
- Ranger Armor: Each piece raises Archery by 1.\par
(Arms, Chest, Gloves, Gorget, Legs)\par
Can be looted from both Ranger Guards and Captains.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\fs32 "Clothes" \par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\pard\qc\b Doublets, Shirts and Tunics\par
\pard\b0 - Tunic of Agility: Casts Agility up to 10 times.\par
- Tunic of Protection: Casts Protection up to 10 times.\par
- Tunic of Strength: Casts Strength up to 10 times.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Hats and Caps\par
\pard\b0 - Black Bandana: +5 Stealing. \par
- Flash Hat: Casts Lightning up to 10 times.\par
- Green Beret: HP +10.\par
- Plummed Hat: Casts Night Sight up to 10 times.\par
- Straw Hat of Agility: Casts Agility up to 10 times.\par
- Straw Hat of Protection: Casts Protection up to 10 times.\par
- Straw Hat of Strength: Casts Strength up to 10 times.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Miscellaneous\par
\pard\b0 - Cloak of Agility: Casts Agility up to 10 times.\par
- Cloak of Protection: Casts Protection up to 10 times.\par
- Cloak of Strength: Casts Strength up to 10 times.\par
- Gloves of Dexterity: Raises Dexterity by 5.\par
- \b Spidersilk Cloak of Protection:\b0  Physical Resist +10.\par
Can be looted from Giant Spiders.\par
- Steel Robe: Casts Reactive Armor up to 10 times.\par
- Wizard Robe\b :\b0  Intelligence +10.\par
Can be looted from Evil Mages and Evil Mage Lords.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Pants and Skirts\par
\pard\b0 - Short Pants of Agility: Casts Agility up to 10 times.\par
- Short Pants of Protection: Casts Protection up to 10 times.\par
- Short Pants of Strength: Casts Strength up to 10 times.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Shoes and Boots\par
\pard\b0 - Herme's Sandals: Casts Agility up to 10 times.\par
- Sprint Shoes: Stamina +10.\par
- Thigh Boots of Agility: Casts Agility up to 10 times.\par
- Thigh Boots of Protection: Casts Protection up to 10 times.\par
- Thigh Boots of Strength: Casts Strength up to 10 times.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\fs32 "Jewelry" x40\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\pard\qc\b Bracelets\par
\pard\b0 - \b Arcanic Bracelet of Power:\b0  Magery +2.\line Can be looted from Evil Mages (20%) and Evil Mage Lords (30%).\par
- \b Bracelet of the Mongbat:\b0  Physical Resist +4.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats (70%).\par
- \b Corpser Vine Bracelet:\b0  Physical Resist +5.\par
Can be looted from Corpsers.\par
- \b Daemonic Hellfire Bracelet:\b0  Physical Resist +8, Fire Resist +10.\par
Can be looted from Daemons (25%) and Balrons (100%).\par
- \b Earthen Bracelet:\b0  Physical Resist +7.\par
Can be looted from Earth Elementals (60%).\par
- \b Tactical Bracelet of Might:\b0  Tactics +3.\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights (70%).\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Earrings\b0\par
\pard - \b Black Pearl Earrings of Power:\b0  Magery +2.\par
Can be looted from Evil Mages (20%) and Evil Mage Lords (30%).\par
- \b Dragon Horn Earrings:\b0  Physical Resist +5, Fire Resist +8.\par
Can be looted from Drakes (80%) and Dragons (100%).\par
- \b Earthen Earrings:\b0  Physical Resist +8.\par
Can be looted from Earth Elementals.\par
- \b Faerie Beetle Earrings:\b0  Physical Resist +3.\par
Can be looted from Faerie Beetles. \par
- \b Gizzard Earrings:\b0  Fire Resist +2.\par
Can be looted from Gizzards.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Necklaces\par
\pard\b0 - \b Arcanic Necklace of Power:\b0  Magery +3.\par
Can be looted from Evil Mages (20%) and Evil Mage Lords (30%).\par
- \b Brilliant Silver Necklace:\b0  Anatomy +2.\par
Can be looted from Gazers (20%), Elder Gazers (30%), and Giant Serpents (10%).\par
- \b Crystal Necklace of Might:\b0  Strength +3\par
Can be looted from Lizardmen (20%).\par
- \b Dragon Toothed Necklace:\b0  Fire Resist +6.\par
Can be looted from Drakes (80%) and Dragons (100%).\par
- \b Faerie Beetle Necklace:\b0  Physical Resist +5.\par
Can be looted from Faerie Beetles.\par
- \b Fine Opal Pendant:\b0  HP+7.\par
Can be looted from Orcs (10%), Orc Captains (10%), Orcish Lords (10%), and Orcish Mages (10%).\par
- \b Grass Necklace:\b0  Poison Resist +3.\par
Can be looted from Corpsers (50%) and Reapers (70%).\par
- \b Golden Necklace of Fortification:\b0  Physical Resist +6.\par
Can be looted from Brigands (10%).\par
- \b Heart Shaped Opal Necklace:\b0  HP+5.\par
Can be looted from Bone Knights (60%), Harpies (40%), Lizardmen (20%), and Ratmen (20%).\par
- \b Quartz Necklace:\b0  Meditation +2.\par
Can be looted from Evil Mages and Evil Mage Lords.\par
- \b Water Lizard Necklace:\b0  Cold Resist +4.\par
Can be looted from Water Lizards.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Rings\par
\pard\b0 - \b Arcanic Ring of Power:\b0  Magery +1.\par
Can be looted from Evil Mages (20%) and Evil Mage Lords (30%).\par
- \b Fine Opal Ring:\b0  HP+5.\par
Can be looted from Orcs (10%), Orc Captains (10%), Orcish Lords (10%), and Orcish Mages (10%).\par
- \b Fire Opal Ring:\b0  Fire Resist +4.\par
Can be looted from Fire Elementals (40%).\par
- \b Ivy Ring:\b0  Poison Resist +3.\par
Can be looted from Corpsers (40%) and Reapers (60%).\par
- Master Bard Ring: Musicianship +5\line - Master Blacksmith Ring: Blacksmithy +5\par
- \b Master Lockpicker's Ring:\b0  Lockpicking +5.\par
Can be bought from Lauren the Thief in Zaythalor Tavern.\par
- Master Mage Ring: Magery +5\par
- Master Warrior Ring: Swordsmanship +5\par
- Ring of Frosty Wind: Cold Resist +4\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\fs32 "Shields" x20\par
\pard\b0\fs20 - \b Dragonhide Tower Shield:\b0  Physical Resist +6, Fire Resist +12.\par
Can be looted from Drakes (20%) and Dragons (30%).\par
- \b Lizardhide Tribal Shield:\b0  Physical Resist +3, Cold Resist +2, Fire Resist +5.\par
Can be looted from Lizardmen (30%).\par
- \b Petrified Oak Shield:\b0  Physical Resist +4, Cold Resist +3, Poison Resist +2.\par
Can be looted from Reapers (40%).\par
- \b Spidersilk Round Shield:\b0  Physical Resist +5, Cold Resist +2, Poison Resist +4.\par
Can be looted from Dread Spiders (20%) and Giant Spiders (10%).\par
\par
- DI = Weapon Damage\par
- SSI = Weapon Speed\par
- HCI = Attack Chance\par
- DCI = Defend Chance\par
\pard\qc\b\fs32 Weapons\b0\fs20\par
\b Axes\b0\par
\pard - \b Gargoyle's Pickaxe (Original):\b0  Mining +5, DI: 17%, HCI: 12%.\par
Can be looted from Gargoyles.\par
- \b King's Axe:\b0  Anatomy +3, DI: 21%, SSI: 12%, HCI: 7%.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Bows and Crossbows\par
\pard\b0 - \b Mongbat Crossbow:\b0  Archery +1.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats (20%).\par
- \b Swift Shortbow of the Eagle:\b0  DI: 12%, HCI: 38%\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Knives and Daggers\par
\pard\b0 - \b Hornet Needle:\b0  Poison Damage: 100%, DI: 12%, SSI: 15%, HCI: 13%\par
- \b Mongbat Claw:\b0  Fencing +1.\par
Can be looted from Greater Mongbats (20%).\par
- \b Rogue's Dirk:\b0  Stealing +5, DI: 15%, DCI: 10%\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Maces and Hammers\par
\pard\b0 - \b Ettin's Bone Hammer:\b0  Repond Slayer, DI: 16%, HCI: 23%\par
Can be looted from Ettins.\par
- \b Lizardman Mace:\b0  Lizardman Slaughter, DI: 7%, SSI: 19%, HCI: 12%\par
Can be looted from Lizardmen.\par
- \b Oaken Club of Might:\b0  SSI: 27%, DI: 23%\par
- Ogre Thrasher: Ogre Thrashing, DI: 18%, HCI: 9%\par
Can be looted from Ogres and Ogre Lords.\par
- Red Oaken Club: DI: 7%, HCI: 10%, SSI: 26%, DCI: 7%\par
\par
- \b Warlord's Hammer:\b0  DI: 22%, SSI: 6%, HCI: 15\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Spears and Forks\par
\pard\b0 - \b Battlefork of Protection:\b0  DCI: 50%\par
- \b Cold Steel Spear:\b0  DI: 10%, DCI: 17%\par
- \b Holy Long Spear:\b0  Undead Slayer, DI: 13%, SSI: 16%, HCI: 8%\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Staves\par
\pard\b0 - Liches Staff: Magery +5, DCI: 25%, Cold Resist 10%\par
Can be looted from Liches and Lich Lords.\par
- \b Sturdy Vine Staff:\b0  Poison Damage: 100%, DI: 9%, SSI: 8%, HCI: 10%.\par
Can be looted from Reapers (20%).\par
- \b Wizard's Staff:\b0  Magery +3, DCI: 20%\par
\par
\pard\qc\b Swords\b0\par
\pard - \b Dragonsbane Longsword:\b0  Dragon Slayer, DI: 35%, DCI: 15%\par
- Inferno Blade: Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%, DCI: 17%.\par
Can be looted from Fire Elementals (30%).\par
- \b Guardian Sword of Ruin:\b0  SSI: 22%, DI: 18%, DCI: 7%, HCI: 3%\par
\par
Loot (T2A)\par
\par
- \b Glacial Staff:\b0  ???.\par
Can be looted from Giant Ice Serpents.\par
- \b Phoenix Armor Set:\b0  Arms, Chest, Gloves, Gorget, Helm, Legs\par
Can be looted from Phoenixes.\par
- \b Titan's Hammer (Hammer):\b0  Repond Slayer, DI: 25%\par
Can be looted from Titans.\par
\par
*Stone Gargoyles carry Gargoyle's Pick Axes.\par
\par
Loot (Renaissance)\par
- \b Bloodied Executioner's Axe:\b0  Tactics +5, DI: 35%, SSI: 11%, HCI: 4%.\par
Can be looted from Executioners (20%).\par
\par
\par
Loot (Third Dawn)\par
\par
- \b Bola:\b0  ???\par
Can be looted from Orc Bombers and Savages.\par
- \b Daemon Bone Armor:\b0  Arms, Chest, Gloves, Helm, Legs\par
Can be looted from Meer Mages.\par
- \b Horned Tribal Mask:\b0  ???.\par
Can be looted from Savages.\par
- \b Orcish Bow:\b0  ???\par
Can be looted from Orc Scouts.\par
- \b Savage Mask:\b0  Comes in lots of different colors, 29 to be exact.\par
Can be looted from Savages.\par
- \b Tribal Berry:\b0  Combining flour with this item will create Savage Kin Paint.\par
Can be looted from Savages.\par
- \b Tribal Spear (Spear):\b0  DI: 25%\par
Can be looted from Savage Riders.\par
\par
*Savages carry Orcish Kin Masks.\par
\par
Loot (LBR)\par
\par
- \b Arcane Gem:\b0  Can be used to make arcane clothing.\par
Can be looted from Controllers.\par
- \b Clockwork Assembly:\b0  One of the needed items to create golems.\par
Can be looted from Golems.\par
- \b Power Crystal:\b0  One of the needed items to create golems.\par
Can be looted from Golems.\par
\par
Knives and Daggers\par
- \b Cold Blood:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%\par
- \b Night's Kiss:\b0  Hit Life Leech: 25%, DI: 25%\par
Maces and Hammers\par
- \b Arctic Death Dealer:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%\par
- \b Berserker's Maul:\b0  SSI: 40%, DI: 10%\par
- \b Bone Crusher:\b0  HLD: 40%, DI: 10%\par
Pole Arms\par
- \b Blaze of Death:\b0  Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%\par
- \b Legacy of the Dread Lord:\b0  SSI: 28%, DI: 22%\par
Spears and Forks\par
- \b Taskmaster:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
Staves\par
- \b Flame Staff:\b0  Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%, Looted from Fire Elementals.\par
- \b Ice Staff:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%, Loot from Ice Elementals.\par
- \b Staff of the Magi:\b0  Cast Recovery: 5%, SDI: 5%\par
- \b Staff of Power:\b0  SDI: 5%, LMC: 5%\par
- \b Thunder Staff:\b0  Hit Lightning: 25%, Energy Damage: 100%\par
Swords\par
- \b Blade of Insanity:\b0  SSI: 30%, DI: 20%\par
- \b Blade of the Righteous:\b0  Demon Slayer, DI: 25%\par
- \b Flametongue: \b0 Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%\par
- \b Ice Brand:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%\par
- \b Serpent's Fang:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
\par
Loot (Samurai Empire)\par
\par
Bokuto\par
- \b Peasant's Bokuto:\b0  Snake Slayer, DI: 25%\par
Daisho\par
- \b Swords of Prosperity:\b0  Luck 50, Fire Damage: 100%\par
Kama\par
- \b Darkened Sky:\b0  Hit Lightning: 25%, DI: 25%\par
No-Dachi\par
- \b Destroyer, The:\b0  DI: 35%, DCI: 15%\par
- \b Sword of the Stampede:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, DI: 25%\par
Nunchaku\par
- \b Dragon Nunchaku:\b0  Dragon Slayer, Hit Fireball: 25%\par
Sais\par
- \b Demon Forks:\b0  Demon Slayer, DCI: 25%\par
Tessen\par
- \b Pilfered Dancer Fans:\b0  Spell Channeling, Faster Casting -1\par
- \b Wind's Edge:\b0  Hit Mana Leech: 25%, SSI: 25%\par
Tetsubo\par
- \b Exiler:\b0  Demon Slayer, DI: 25%\par
Yumi\par
- \b Hanzo's Bow:\b0  Hit Life Leech: 35%, DI: 15%\par
- \b Horselord, The:\b0  Reptile Slayer, DI: 25%\par
\par
\b\fs28 Mondains Legacy \par
\b0\fs20\par
\fs24 Assassin Spikes\par
\fs20 - \b Charged Assassin Spike:\b0  Hit Lightning: 25%, Energy Damage: 100%\par
- \b Magekiller Assassin Spike:\b0  Hit Mana Leech: 25%, DI: 15%\par
- \b True Assassin Spike:\b0  HCI: 30%, DI: 10%\par
- \b Wounding Assassin Spike:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
\fs24 Diamond Maces\par
\fs20 - \b Emerald Mace:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
- \b Ruby Mace:\b0  Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%\par
- \b Sapphire Mace:\b0  Hit Lightning: 25%, Energy Damage: 100%\par
- \b Silver-Etched Mace:\b0  Undead Slayer, DI: 25%\par
\fs24 Elven Composite Longbows\par
\fs20 - \b Barbed Longbow:\b0  Hit Life Leech: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
- \b Blight Gripped Longbow:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
- \b Frozen Longbow:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%\par
- \b Longbow of Might:\b0  DI: 25%, SSI: 25%\par
- \b Silvani's Feywood Bow:\b0  HCI: 25%, Energy Damage: 100%\par
- \b Slayer Longbow:\b0  Random Slayer\par
\fs24 Elven Machetes\par
\fs20 - \b Adventurer's Machete:\b0  DI: 25%, SSI: 25%\par
- \b Diseased Machete:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
- \b Machete of Defense:\b0  DCI: 25%, HCI: 25%\par
- \b Orcish Machete:\b0  Orc Slayer, DI: 35%\par
\fs24 Elven Spellblades\par
\fs20 - \b Icy Spellblade:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%\par
- \b Fiery Spellblade:\b0  Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%\par
- \b Spellblade of Defense:\b0  DCI: 35%\par
- \b True Spellblade:\b0  Spell Channeling, Faster Casting -1\par
\fs24 Magical Shortbows\par
\fs20 - \b Assassin's Shortbow:\b0  DI: 25%, HCI: 25%\par
- \b Faerie Fire:\b0  Hit Fireball: 25%, Fire Damage: 100%\par
- \b Lightweight Shortbow:\b0  HCI: 25%, SSI: 25%\par
- \b Mischief Maker:\b0  Undead Slayer, DI: 25%\par
- \b Mystical Shortbow:\b0  Spell Channeling, Faster Casting -1\par
- \b Ranger's Shortbow:\b0  DI: 25%, SSI: 25%\par
\fs24 Leafblades\par
\fs20 - \b Leafblade of Ease:\b0  Fencing +5, DC: 20%\par
- \b Luckblade:\b0  DI: 10%, Luck 50\par
- \b Magekiller Leafblade:\b0  Hit Mana Leech: 25%\par
- \b True Leafblade:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
\f1\fs24 Ornate Axes\par
\fs20 - \b Guardian Axe:\b0  \f0 DI: 25%, HCI: 25%\f1\par
- \b Heavy Ornate Axe:\b0  DI: 35%, HCI: 10%\par
- \b Singing Axe:\b0  +5 Musicianship, Hit Dispel: 10%\par
- \b Thundering Axe:\b0  \f0 Hit Lightning: 25%, Energy Damage: 100%\par
\fs24 Radiant Scimitars\par
\fs20 - \b Darkglow Scimitar:\b0  SSI: 25%, Hit Dispel: 10%\par
- \b Icy Scimitar:\b0  Hit Harm: 25%, Cold Damage: 100%\par
- \b True Radiant Scimitar:\b0  Weapon acts like a lantern.\par
- \b Twinkling Scimitar:\b0  DCI: 25%, HCI: 25%\par
\fs24 Rune Blades\par
\fs20 - \b Corrupted Rune Blade:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
- \b Mage's Rune Blade:\b0  Spell Channeling, LMC: 5%\par
- \b Rune Blade of Knowledge:\b0  Spell Channeling, SDI: 5%\par
- \b Runesabre:\b0  Spell Channeling, Mage Weapon -25, Must have 100% Magery to equip.\par
\fs24 War Cleavers\par
\fs20 - \b Butcher's War Cleaver:\b0  Bovine Slayer, Hide Processing\par
- \b Knight's War Cleaver:\b0  DCI: 15%, SSI: 35%\par
- \b Serrated War Cleaver:\b0  DCI: 35%\par
- \b True War Cleaver:\b0  DCI: 30%, HCI: 10%\par
\fs24 Wild Staves\par
\fs20 - \b Ancient Wild Staff:\b0  DI: 20%, DCI: 30%\par
- \b Arcanist's Wild Staff:\b0  SDI: 10%, Mana Regeneration 2\par
- \b Hardened Wild Staff:\b0  DI: 10%, DCI: 40%\par
- \b Thorned Wild Staff:\b0  Hit Poison Area: 25%, Poison Damage: 100%\par
\par
\par
\par
Color  \tab Found on  \tab Bonuses  \tab Downsides\par
Black\par
\tab Serpentine Dragon and Shadow Wyrm \tab Absorbs some Harm and Lightning\par
Negates dex loss.\par
Adds to melee damage. \tab ?\par
Blue\par
\tab Sea Serpents \tab Absorbs some Lightning Bolt\par
Negates dex loss. \tab Weak against Poison\par
Green\par
\tab Swamp Dragon \tab Absorbs some Poison\par
Negates dex loss. \tab Weak against Fireball\par
Red\par
\tab Drake and Dragon \tab Absorbs some Fire spells\par
Negates dex loss. \tab Weak against Poison\par
White\par
\tab Serpentine Dragon and White Wyrm \tab Absorbs some Energy Bolt and Lightning.\par
Gives opponent dex loss.\par
Negates dex loss.\par
Adds to melee damage. \tab Weak against Magic Arrow\par
Yellow\par
\tab Drake and Dragon \tab Absorbs some Magic Arrow and Fireball.\par
Gives opponent dex loss.\par
Negates dex loss.\par
Adds to melee damage. \tab Weak against Lightning and Energy bolt\par
\par
Scales of various colors can also be found as loot on Chaos Dragoons. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 